after being deployed in Afghanistan for
almost a year a Westby soldier returned
home for good today and she came back a
month earlier than her two children
expected News eights Kerry Vick was
there for the big surprise Hungary Mike
and Lisa all lieutenant April Nelson
could think about today was seeing her
two children and a visit from their mom
was the last thing the two children
expected today for close to a year
lieutenant April Nelson has been serving
with the Army in Afghanistan but today
her only mission was to be a mom after
two days of traveling her first stop was
to surprise her seven-year-old
daughter's baby she's back a month
earlier than xavie thought she would be
Mama's home for good
marking the end to what has been a
difficult year it's been a rough rough
year it's very hard to be away from her
but the reunion didn't end at the Westby
elementary school now I gotta go find
Raven with Davian hand it's off to the
Middle School where Nelson son Draven
still has no idea his mom is home come
on
this is the surprises were telling you
on the phone I'm gonna bring you up
surprised today here it is Nelson's
deployment is the longest she's ever
been away from her kids she felt like I
was gone forever and it's difficult for
the kids to believe she's actually home
I think you are so intact you know I'm
standing right here yeah well being away
from her kids was hard on Nelson they
were always on my mind every day the
kids have also struggled what was the
hardest thing for you
mama being gone
my birthday your birthday but the strain
of being a part has finally come to an
end now I have them the family is
leaving for Florida on Sunday to visit
Walt Disney World and spend some
much-needed time together
thanks a lot Carrie can never get enough
of those soldier reunions and lieutenant
Nelson has been serving in the National
Guard for 14 years but this was her
first deployment she is also a nurse in
the ICU at Mayo Clinic Health System